[docs] Prepare the v7 upgrade guide for stable release (#45624)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/upgrade-to-v7/upgrade-to-v7.md

<p class="description">This guide explains how to upgrade from Material UI v6 to v7.</p>

## Why you should upgrade to Material UI v7

### Improved ESM support

> Our package layout has been updated, we now unambiguously support both valid ESM and commonjs through the `exports` field in `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package layout has been updated, and now unambiguously supports both valid ESM and CommonJS through the `exports` field in `package.json`.
```

> You can read more about this in the [Node.js documentation](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#packages_exports).

Reviewer: to be more specific about what "this" is

```suggestion
You can read more about package exports in the [Node.js documentation](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#packages_exports).
```

> This update fixes several issues with popular bundlers like Vite and webpack, and makes it possible to load our packages from ESM modules under Node.js.

Reviewer: I guess I'm on the fence about referring to them as "our" packages. Also I believe "ESM modules" is redundant - like "ATM machine" 😁

```suggestion
This update fixes several issues with popular bundlers like Vite and webpack, and makes it possible to load MUI packages from ES modules under Node.js.
```

### Quality-of-life improvements

Material UI v7 features other quality-of-life improvements, including:

> - Standardization of the slot pattern accross all components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Standardization of the slot pattern across all components
```

> - CSS layers support via the `enableCssLayer` prop in `StyledEngineProvider` for client-side apps and `AppRouterCacheProvider` Next.js App Router apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CSS layers support via the `enableCssLayer` prop in `StyledEngineProvider` for client-side apps, and `AppRouterCacheProvider` for Next.js App Router apps
```

- Removed deprecated APIs to reduce the API surface and make the docs easier to navigate

> If you're using any of these packages, you should also change their version to `"7.0.0"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using any of these packages, you should also update their versions to `"7.0.0"`:
```
